Update protocols.md (#20079)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/iis/protocols.md

---

> title: Using ASP.NET Core with HTTP/2 on IIS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use ASP.NET Core with HTTP/2 on IIS
```

uid: host-and-deploy/iis/protocols
---

> # Using ASP.NET Core with HTTP/2 on IIS

Author: @guardrex  This might attract too much php and other non ASP.NET Core traffic otherwise.

Reviewer: There shouldn't be a "Using" there. How about ...

```suggestion
# Use ASP.NET Core with HTTP/2 on IIS
```

[HTTP/2](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc7540.html) is supported with ASP.NET Core in the following IIS deployment scenarios:

> * Windows Server 2016 or later, or Windows 10 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Windows Server 2016 or later / Windows 10 or later
```

* IIS 10 or later
* TLS 1.2 or later connection

> * When IIS is configured out-of-process:  Public-facing edge server connections use HTTP/2, but the reverse proxy connection to the [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) uses HTTP/1.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When [hosting out-of-process](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/index#out-of-process-hosting-model): Public-facing edge server connections use HTTP/2, but the reverse proxy connection to the [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) uses HTTP/1.1.
```

Requirements to run gRPC on IIS:

* In-process hosting.

> * Windows 10, OS Build 20300.1000 or later. May require being on Windows Insider Builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Windows 10, OS Build 20300.1000 or later. May require use of Windows Insider Builds.
```
